We added a lot of navigation functionalities to our application,
we got tabs, we get the side drawer
and if we add an awesome place like Munich again, then we then find this place and click on it, we can
also go on that page
and don't forget that authentication page we had before all of that tabs stuff here,
this one here.
This is all looking very nice,
a lot of features were implemented here.
Now what we can still do is we can change the styling of our application but I got an entire module
coming up on styling, how to adjust styles to different sizes of the device, to different operating systems,
so why don't we do all of that in this module.
So let's now move on and let's work on adding more functionality to the app and to setting up a nicer
styling,
all of that in the next modules.